Add DNS resolution issues section to connection errors documentation (#3315)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/connect/connection-errors.md

Be aware that leaving transactions idle for extended periods can prevent vacuuming and increase the number of open connections. Please use caution and consider only changing the value temporarily, as needed.

## DNS resolution issues

> Users in Asia Pacific regions sometimes experience DNS resolution failures when attempting to connect to their Neon database directly or from the **Tables** page or **SQL Editor** in the Neon Console. This issue manifest in different ways. For example, on the **Tables** page on the Neon Console, you might see an **Unexpected error happened** message like this one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users in Asia Pacific regions sometimes experience DNS resolution failures when attempting to connect to their Neon database directly or from the **Tables** page or **SQL Editor** in the Neon Console. This issue shows up in different ways. For example, on the **Tables** page on the Neon Console, you might see an **Unexpected error happened** message like this one.
```
